Update docs to use connector zip (#34)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-salescopilot-docs: articles/api-sample-def.md

---
title: Sample Connector (preview)

> description: Sample connector to easily get started with extensibility in Copilot for Sales.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Sample connector to easily get started with extending Copilot for Sales.
```
